Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Dr. Zanner.
Our partners would like
an update on your progress.
See for yourselves.
80% kill rate within two weeks.
Makes Ebola look like
the common cold, huh?
The virus is airborne, friends.
And preparations
continue for the G20
Conference on Banking Secrecy.
We leave for Rome the
day after tomorrow, ma'am.
Ah, Roma, city of carbs.
Have to admit, I've been dreaming
about the stracci for the past week.
And a deal with Russia
on... tax avoidance.
So, where are we on that?
Sadly, still in the Gulag.
President Salnikov is making noises
about rejecting the entire
framework agreement outright.
The fact is,
Russia welcomes the money
American billionaires hide
in dummy Russian corporations.
But frankly, plenty of Russian oligarchs
do the same thing here in the U.S.
So they're willing to look the other way
when terrorists hide their money,
as long as the billionaires are happy.
With the rhetoric coming
out of the Kremlin,
the gaggle wants to know
if it's Cold War 2.0.
Oh, come on, we're not
even close to a cold war.
A little chilly, maybe.
Ma'am, you're needed in the White House.
All right, find out what Salnikov wants.
Two hours ago, Jordanian
West Bank border.
This vehicle way back in the line,
that's Reverend Andrew Slattery.
We believe that the two
men on either side are.
Dr. Bill Zanner and Lance Abbot.
Our missing doomsday cult members.
We identified the two men in front
as Al-Qaeda-in-Syria lieutenants.
I take it
this isn't a cross-cultural
exchange program.
Confirms our theory
that the VFF and Al-Qaeda
are working together.
And now they're inside Israel.
Not necessarily.
Based on our warnings,
IDF had beefed up security
on all border checkpoints.
Moments after this
was taken, they turned
around, bugged out.
Our best guess is that
they'll make another run
at getting into Israel
through a smuggling tunnel.
Okay. Doesn't Israel know the location
- of those tunnels?
- Not all of them.
But the Palestinians do.
We can ask,
but I doubt the Palestinian Authority
wants to give up its only
real strategic advantage
to Israel.
What else, Ephraim?
I'd like to send a joint
CIA-FBI task force to Jerusalem
to liaise with Mossad,
so we can work shared Intel in real time.
Just Agent Maloof and Dr. McCord
- and a support team.
- Excuse me?
I-I mean, I'm-I'm... sorry.
Did you know about this?
Yeah.
Huh.
It just came up this morning.
Well, as much
as I'd like to see where...
this goes, if nobody has anything else...
It's not that...
You ambushed me.
I would have told you,
but we were a little busy
trying to prevent a bio-terror attack.
If only there were some
method of communication
where you could send messages
almost instantaneously.
I'm sorry you felt ambushed.
I'm sorry that I called you out
in front of the leader of the free world.
I just find it surprising that a guy
who was shot multiple
times not two months ago
and is still on crutches
is going to oversee
a field op halfway around the world.
Babe. I've been on point
with the VFF mission
since the beginning... are
you really that surprised?
Okay, okay, it's not that
you're going, it's that you
- didn't tell me.
- No, it's that I'm going.
- Are you really gonna push me on this?
- I'm sorry you felt ambushed.
Elizabeth. We have the
Israeli and Palestinian leaders
- on the line.
- Okay.
Am I at least gonna see you at home?
Yeah. We're not leaving till tonight.
I'd say "break a leg," Henry, but...
Seriously, good luck.
We will share information
with your government,
President Dalton, but not with Israel.
That won't work, President Sayedd.
Mossad has to run point on this.
You really think we don't know
about your smuggling tunnels, Bassam?
If we had such tunnels,
they would be to bring vital supplies
that your government deprives us.
- Nonsense. They are to attack us.
- To defend ourselves!
Gentlemen, you've seen
our intelligence briefs.
There are only a few
hundred people on the planet
with the expertise to whip up a superbug
that can kill millions.
Dr. Zanner is one of them.
We're not going to achieve peace
in the Middle East today.
But if you don't cooperate on this...
it might not matter.
They both called
for emergency sessions
of their governments,
and now suddenly everyone's on board.
Well, there's nothing like the power
of the mutually-assured-
destruction card.
Babe,
I'm gonna be fine.
Yeah, so said the man flying
straight into said destruction.
Okay, let's talk about
how you got the Israelis
and the Palestinians to work together.
- Let's focus on that.
- That is pretty cool.
- It's so cool.
- It was very cool.
Hey, um...
what'd you guys want to
talk to me about? I can...
Oh, no, no. Yeah.
- I...
- Okay,
so look, um, Mom has to go
- to this G20 thing in Rome...
- Mm-hmm.
...and I just found
out that I've got to go
to a conference in London, so...
we were wondering if you could, uh,
take over for the next week
and sort of run the show
with your brother and sister?
Oh. Yeah. Sure, no problem.
Really?
Yeah. I mean, your
work is really important
and I'm very happy to help, so...
Cool. Thanks, honey.
Okay. Great.
Well, that was easy.
Yeah. Maybe a little too easy.
We just asked her to spend
the week as a single mother,
and she just... accepted.
She doesn't have any
plans? She's 22-years-old.
What, she and Jareth don't have a life?
They don't live together.
You ever wonder about that?
Maybe she's just a really great kid
who wants to help her parents out.
Or maybe she's a
mustang and we broke her.
And way ahead of schedule.
No, I'm serious.
I had to grow up way too
soon, and it was no fun.
And it did serious damage
to my relationship
with my little brother.
You and Will are fine
and this has nothing to do
with what you guys went through.
I know.
I just don't want to clip her wings.
I got to go.
Wish I could clip your wings.
_
What is it?
The Americans must
have followed you here.
Now, the Israelis
are waiting outside.
There has to be another
way, another tunnel.
Or maybe through Egypt.
Reverend Slattery survived.
He's in surgery
at Yad la Chole hospital in Jerusalem.
Any sign of the drone or bio-weapon?
No, sir.
But the tunnel was being entered
by IDF on the West Bank side
right about the time they were shot.
So, Al-Qaeda got wind and
bailed on the joint attack.
That's our operating theory.
So, we have doomsday weapons in
the hands of hardened terrorists
with unknown intentions
and not a single clue
on their whereabouts.
Is there a more optimistic slant,
or is that about the size of it?
Well, our team just arrived in Jerusalem.
Dr. McCord and Agent Maloof
will be working directly with Mossad.
Subtitle sync and corrections by
awaqeded for <
Bess, I hear our little intel-sharing op
- with the Israelis has borne fruit.
- Yeah.
I trust your marriage will survive it.
- I mean it.
- I believe you.
Listen, if you're still up for it,
I'd love for you to do what you can
to get Stevie off the wait list
and over the finish line at Harvard Law.
What happened to withdrawing
from the battlefield?
Well, I realized that going
to school in another state
would be good for her.
You know, help her sort
of break out on her own,
- find her own... thing.
- Okay.
The muzzle was starting to chafe.
Thanks. Listen, if we could just keep it
between the two of us,
I think that'd be...
Kind of ironic, asking me
to secretly pull strings
to help make your
daughter more independent.
Wo...
We found Al-Qaeda SIGINT
in Mossad's most recent intercepts
referring to a lab
in Deir ez-Zor, Syria.
With mentions of medical equipment
used to create a virus
and human trials on
captured Syrian soldiers.
Very Mengele-esque.
Deir ez-Zor is in the
middle of the country,
in Al-Qaeda-held territory.
Still, we recommend an op.
It could provide a trove of intelligence.
Trouble is, we're on the rebel side
of a civil war in Syria.
It's one thing to fight Al-Qaeda,
but we'd have to get past
government forces, too.
Well, I can reach out to Avdonin,
see if the Russians are
ready to pave the way
- with the Syrian government.
- Hold our noses
at Russia's human rights abuses in Syria.
Well, how interested are we in that lab?
The Russians would insist on making this
a joint operation, wouldn't they?
That's my expectation.
Well, who knows?
Maybe making nice with Russia and Syria
could light the path
to an agreement in Rome.
My doctor says optimism
lowers blood pressure.
Make the call, Bess.
Hi.
Hearing rumors about military operations
in the Middle East.
Are you?
Just wondering if the
secretary's still planning on
going to the banking conference in Rome.
Yeah, because... conflict
in one area of the world
always derails us from our plans
in a completely different area
- of the world.
- Right. Never mind.
Is there something you'd like to discuss?
No. No.
I mean, I'm not thrilled at the idea
of seeing all my former colleagues
from Baldwin and Wilder
suck up even more profit
under the guise of helping
to defund terrorism, but...
other than that, no.
No, no concern at all.
Oh, right.
You started in finance.
Yeah. One year.
One year as an analyst is all it took
for me to realize it wasn't for me,
and to haunt me for the rest of my days.
So, you have anxiety about
running into old colleagues?
Not unless you count waking
up at 2:00 a.m. in a cold sweat
from stress nightmares
that I'm back there
and all the doors are
locked and I'm naked,
but, well, not really.
I don't know why it's
bothering me so much.
I mean, sure, I went into public service,
and they all stayed and
got filthy rich, but...
Is that what you wanted for yourself?
No.
Maybe.
No. It's just that they're all so...
insanely competitive,
and they're gonna think
of me as a failure.
I know. You think I'm
insanely competitive, too.
I think you have
an admirable drive for excellence.
Oh. God, I'm just as bad as they are.
I knew it. I have to go back to my desk.
- Yes, you do.
- I've got a million...
I-I'm so busy.
_
- The area is secure.
- Head for the lab.
- Let's go!
What's the sitrep, Admiral?
- Alpha One on-site.
- LZ clear.
Making nice with the Russians paid off.
Clear! Let's go!
Let's go. Six minutes to evac! Let's go.
We're in the right place.
Any vials of anything, take 'em.
Check the other one.
What the hell?
Hostiles on a rooftop up the street.
Coord Delta 34.48, 39.14.
Returning volley and
calling in an air strike.
What the hell just happened?
Bomb guidance malfunction.
We hit the Russian position.
Oh, my God.
Al-Qaeda posted it two hours ago.
It's already been picked up by thousands
of Russian Web sites.
The narrator is saying
that we deliberately
attacked Russian soldiers.
I'm guessing my formal apology to Russia
isn't getting as much play.
Avdonin isn't returning my calls.
We leave for G20 tonight.
Anything on the pathogen?
Dr. Warner brightened my day with word
that preliminary analysis has it
at Ebola lethality, but airborne,
making it far more transmissible.
Excuse me, sir. Director
Ware and Oliver Shaw.
Welcome back, Oliver.
Uh, thank you, Mr. President.
It turns out Silicon Valley
didn't have the excitement
of a weaponized drone threat.
Not that I'm enjoying this.
What's the latest?
Yes. Captain Baker and
I developed an exploit
to control the drone remotely,
but we need to be
within the signal radius
of the drone's transceiver,
which is about 300 miles.
We just completed a search of
Israel and its border areas.
It's not there.
So, Al-Qaeda's regrouping,
preparing to make another run at it?
Or they picked a new target.
I'm leaning toward option two.
Interpol got a hit on
one of the fingerprints
dusted in the Syrian lab.
An Al-Qaeda foot soldier
who was confronted by the
local authorities in Istanbul
- this morning.
- Okay, now we're talking.
We gonna get a crack at him?
He's dead. Resisted arrest.
But they found 50,000
Euros in his suitcase.
So they're planning
something in an EU country?
Well, that narrows it down.
To a continent.
On the Jerusalem front,
looks like Reverend
Slattery is gonna make it.
Dr. McCord and Agent Maloof will
interview him when he comes to.
Adele, get me President Hoffmeier
or any member of the European
Council who's available, now.
You, my office.
You are having lunch tomorrow
with Tony Angilillo, Harvard
Law's admissions director.
Uh, yeah, I-I know who that is.
Um, I thought... I thought I told you...
Yeah, to stand down.
What can I say? I'm a giver.
How can... how can you even
remotely care about
my law school prospects
with everything going on?
That is an excellent
question, Stephanie McCord.
Actually reminds me of a conversation
I had with my mother
during Nixon's final days
when it looked like all hope was lost
for our shining democracy.
I asked her, "Why should I
give a crap about anything
when everything seems so bleak?"
And she said, "Don't worry.
It's never as bad as you think?"
Oh, no, she said, "It's always much worse
than you can imagine."
But, that we might just
get out of it one day.
And if we did, I wouldn't get back
all the time I'd squandered
not giving a crap.
And that is the day I learned
how to compartmentalize.
I have President Hoffmeier.
- Put her through.
- You want to go to Harvard Law?
- Of course.
- So take the meeting.
Be smart and respectful.
Make something of yourself.
President Hoffmeier.
Yeah, I'm afraid I have,
uh, some troubling news
regarding a biological weapon.
More Intel from
Al-Qaeda-in-Syria suggests
target of attack will
be "Rayiys alkuffar."
Head of the infidels.
Reverend Slattery, my
name is Henry, this is Mo.
We'd like to talk with you for a minute.
You a Muslim?
Yes, I am.
Get the hell out.
Well, that's an interesting reaction,
especially considering you were willing
to partner with Al-Qaeda-in-Syria.
I was doing God's will, that's all.
You know, I envy you.
I don't think I've ever felt
that, faith without doubt.
What's that like?
You don't have the light,
I can't explain it to you,
I'll pray for you, brother.
You know...
I spoke with your
predecessor, Reverend Finch,
at the Covenant of
John compound in Bolivia
a couple of years ago.
He had that same certainty.
This is from that day, after the raid.
The poison worked quickly.
37 people took their lives.
As was foretold, the
six-eyed beast did rise.
And what about the Al-Qaeda members
who gunned down your brothers?
Was that a different beast?
No. That was...
The Antichrist comes in
the perfect appearance
of righteousness.
Is it possible you were
fooled by the Antichrist?
Was Reverend Finch fooled by me?
Was I the Antichrist?
Could there be two? A dozen?
In the Book of Revelation...
I know what it says.
Everything's happening
according to God's plan.
Your doctor said
that the bullet that
blew through your chest
missed your heart by a millimeter.
I believe God's grace can
be one millimeter wide.
And I think you were saved to
bring salvation to the world.
You, Andrew.
And now, the righteous
arrows of your group...
the drone, the dreadful disease
you planned to unleash...
all of it has been
taken by the Antichrist,
and it's up to you to stop them.
You, Andrew, only you, can be
the instrument of His peace.
Only you can save
millions of His faithful.
Reverend?
Rev?
You had me going.
Any, uh, word back from Avdonin's office?
Still radio silence, ma'am.
Well, I'm sure it won't be awkward
when we run into each other
at the chocolate fountain.
Got to love Rome.
Ooh. I'm... think I'm gonna be sick.
What? Make way for the pregnant lady.
Permesso!
The secretary and Jay are
off meeting with the governor
of the Saudi Arabian Monetary Authority,
so, Daisy is, um...
Puking her guts out in the ladies?
Strong start.
Blake Moran. Get out.
Trevor, what are you doing here?
Oh, B&W's giving a few, uh,
banking privacy presentations.
- Oh.
- It's on the official agenda.
Yeah, I must've missed that.
Well, uh, are you gonna
introduce me to your friends?
Sorry. Uh, this is Nadine Tolliver,
Secretary McCord's chief of staff.
How do you do?
And Matt Mahoney,
head speechwriter.
- Hey, man.
- Nice to meet you.
Trevor Kingston.
Uh, Trevor and I worked together
at Baldwin and Wilder
right out of college.
More like pillaged together.
And you left a lot of money on the table.
Well, got to hang on to my soul.
Oh, gosh, I didn't realize I lost mine.
I guess I was too busy driving the engine
of the American economy.
Well, and I was too busy
bolstering global democracy
so you'd have stable markets to exploit.
As the secretary of state's assistant.
Actually, Trevor, Blake
is the executive assistant
to the secretary of state.
He's her point man.
Well, I guess you could say
he's the, uh, gatekeeper
for American diplomacy.
My bad.
It's great to see you, man.
And-and lovely to meet you both.
- Ciao.
Handsome really does come with
its own free pass, doesn't it?
Thanks.
Their eyes light up when
you rock the Arabic, ma'am.
Well, too bad I don't speak Russian.
I'll reach out to them
again. Do svidanya.
Hi, sweetie.
Hey, Mom. Uh, sorry to bother you,
but I'm just curious if you have any idea
why Russell Jackson is suddenly back
to knocking heads at Harvard?
He's knocking heads, huh?
That's not a rhetorical
stalling tactic, is it?
Excuse me?
Oh, my God, Mom.
You put him up to it, didn't you?
You're a wild mustang.
What?
You-you should be free and fly and...
I'm Pegasus?
So I'm a flying horse?
Is that actually your excuse
for meddling in my life?
I just want you to be happy.
I...
I'm sorry. I-I shouldn't
have gone behind your back,
and I shouldn't meddle in your life.
And... I'll work on it.
Please do.
How are your charges?
Um, well, I've managed
to contain the chaos
to dirty dishes and
unmonitored social media.
Hey, I'm, uh,
thinking of staying
home from school, so...
Yeah, if you can walk
and talk, you're going.
Oh... well done.
That was good. That was really good.
Deprogramming a cult member
requires exposing him to
flaws in the cult's pedagogy
and, ultimately, the leader himself.
Yeah, but Slattery is the leader.
And he's too arrogant to admit
any of his shortcomings in his beliefs.
He was willing to send
Ian to be a suicide bomber,
but I doubt he'd sacrifice himself.
Like bin Laden holed up in a cave
while sending his minions to die.
It's all about self-preservation.
- Hello?
- Hello. Stephanie McCord?
Uh, yes, this is she.
This is Ms. Morales, Monroe High's nurse.
Jason complained of
stomach pain and then...
- I puked in gym class!
- Did you get that?
Uh, yeah, loud and clear. But he's okay?
Well, he has a mild fever
and due to the location
of the abdominal pain,
I can't rule out appendicitis,
so we'll have to take him
to St. Lucius and get a CT scan.
And if the scan shows
that it's appendicitis?
He'll need emergency surgery.
Oh. Wow.
Hey!
If I don't make it,
clear my search history.
Sh...
Reverend, I never should
have doubted your beliefs.
Clearly, they're strong.
I'm but a vessel of the
Lord. He is my strength.
Well, you're gonna need all of
His strength where you're going.
ADX Florence, Colorado Supermax.
23 hours a day in a 12 by seven cell.
The only way out is in a box.
That's in the Lord's hands.
Well, more like the Justice Department.
But if you work with us,
we can recommend a Club Fed.
Minimum security,
but you have to start talking now.
When they spoke among themselves,
it was mostly in Arabic.
But sometimes they'd
speak in broken English.
What did they say?
Right before we went into the tunnel,
Ramjin told Hamid something
about a fee for a room.
Like a hotel room?
That's all I heard.
"Fee for room."
I don't think they're
speaking in broken English.
What do you mean?
"Room" in Arabic is "Rome."
"Fee" is "in."
Fee Ar-Room,
it means "in Rome."
Are we in touch with
Italian Armed Forces?
We're establishing a link with
Defense Minister Bellucci now.
Any sign of the drone?
It was just spotted
over Ferentino, 40 miles
southeast of us, heading
for Municipio VII.
It's a straight shot to Vatican City.
Ever since its inception,
Al-Qaeda's been trying to even
the score for the Crusades.
They're after the Pope?
Head of the infidels.
We have the Sit Room, Mr. President.
Oliver,
now that we know where the drone is,
- can't you take control of it?
- An F-35
should have the transmitter
in range in just a minute, sir.
That's cutting it a little close.
We have Minister Bellucci.
Mr. President, our jets
are almost in position
to shoot down the drone.
Minister Bellucci,
it's Elizabeth McCord here.
We have reason to believe
that there could be a biological weapon
on the drone; if you hit
it over a populated area,
you run the risk of causing a pandemic.
We're very close to being able
to take control of the drone,
- Minister.
- We cannot wait much longer.
Oliver?
Trying to engage now, sir.
One minute till contact
with the Vatican.
We are out of time, President Dalton.
- Engaged!
- I have control of the drone.
We have control of the drone.
_
It's a miss. They were able to abort.
I don't have control of
the landing mechanism,
so it'll have to be a managed
crash away from the city.
We will coordinate containment
with your Biological Response Force.
I told the school
not to bother you. He's fine.
I got the update on the way over here.
- Hey. I'm on with Dad.
- Hey.
Hey, Dad.
He looks okay. How you doing?
I got a thumbs-up.
Uh, they did a CT scan
and ruled out appendicitis.
He wants to talk to you.
Hey.
It was, uh, much ado about barfing.
Oh, my God.
What's with the bombing? Is Mom okay?
It was a minor incident
just outside Rome.
- How do you even know about it?
- It's breaking news right now.
Because I work for the government.
Everyone there is fine.
You talked to Mom?
I was just about to call her.
I'll conference her in. Hang on.
He said she's fine.
Hey, Stevie, I was
just about to call you.
I got the message about Jason.
I told them not to call you guys.
He's fine. It was a...
it was a false alarm.
Um, what is this about
a-a terrorist attack?
Dad's on the line,
- by the way.
- Hi, babe.
Oh, hey. Party line.
How's, uh... how's London?
Surprisingly sunny.
Guys,
headline.
Oh, nothing. It was a...
thwarted attempt at some
kind of drone attack.
But, come on, I am dying to hear.
The Harvard meeting, how did it go?
Yeah, I had to skip it
so that I could get to the hospital.
Oh, Stevie, I'm...
I'm so sorry.
We should've been there.
- Mm.
- Can we just focus
on the fact that Rome is not burning,
Jason is fine, and our daughter
is an incredibly good person?
Fine.
Dork.
Any inside word on the next drone attack?
I think we're safe for the moment.
He'll have a Manhattan.
Bulleit if you have it,
Maker's if you don't.
Yes, sir. Right away.
See? You can be nice.
I figure you haven't changed,
why should your drink?
Well, I could say the same.
You're still in the closet, I see.
Wow.
No "how you been, how's the family?"
How's the family and...
why so reluctant to introduce
me to your coworkers?
My mom is exactly the same,
my sister has two kids,
and I don't need to
explain to my coworkers
that we...
dated for a few months seven years ago.
"A few months"?
Eight or nine months.
So, what about your sister's kids?
Mia and Teddy.
Straight out of a Pottery
Barn catalog. You'd love 'em.
Do they know about Uncle
Blake and his special friends?
What? Come on. We're catching up.
My family knows me and understands me.
At work, I choose to be more private.
Is that okay with you?
If you're happy, I'm happy.
- Well, good. Thank you.
- Thanks.
Then again, it's not like you're working
with a bunch of homophobic
frat boys anymore,
so I don't really get why you
can't just own that you're gay.
Oh, Blake, you're not
still on that bi thing.
It's not a thing I'm on.
It's who I am.
Fine, fine. I'm not an econ wonk.
I just have an ass
tattoo of Alan Greenspan.
That. That. That is
why I don't tell people.
It leads to these inane discussions
about the-the current
acceptable terminology.
And it's none of your business.
So what happens when they find out?
You quit and run away again?
Oh, you're living your perfect life?
How's that music program
for inner city kids going?
Damn it.
- No, that was good.
- I'm sorry.
You got good aim.
I'm not done getting where I'm going.
It's a journey.
Isn't that what you used to say?
Oh... oh, I hope not.
That-that sounds really trite.
I just want you to be happy.
And I want people to really know you.
I'm lucky I got to.
Seems like there aren't very many of us.
See? You can be nice.
I'm glad to see you're doing well.
Take care of yourself, bro.
"Bro"?
- I know. Ugh.
- Don't use "bro."
- I know. I tried it. I just...
- Never.
- I hate it.
- Don't ever say that.
When in Rome, right?
This week was marred
by the loss of 22 brave Russian soldiers.
I have expressed my deepest
sympathy to our Russian friends,
but also my profound gratitude.
Because the intelligence
gathered on that very mission
helped prevent what might
have been a devastating attack
right here in Rome.
Think about that.
Russians and Americans working together
in Syria, to stop an attack in Italy.
As if we need any more evidence
that the world is too
dangerous to go it alone.
Tonight,
we remember the fallen,
while staying focused
on thwarting terrorists
using any means possible.
Here's to our success.
Even Salnikov raised his glass.
You are good, sir.
I worked with two speechwriters
and practiced in front
of a mirror for an hour.
Mr. President, ma'am.
We just got word from our
Biological Response Force.
They didn't find any virus
at the drone crash site.
It wasn't armed with a bio-weapon?
It was a head fake.
"Head of the infidels."
It's you, sir...
and the other leaders.
We have to evacuate now.
This way.
Where's the team?
Everybody out.
Wait, wait, wait.
Tell security that this bio-weapon
could be aerosolized, but in any case,
they have to shut down
the HVAC system, okay?
Okay.
And then, Jay,
- get the hell out.
- Yes, ma'am.
_
Hi. Um, is my mom okay?
I just talked to her, like, an hour ago.
Yeah, she's fine.
The only casualties were
the two Al-Qaeda militants
who released the pathogen.
Got sick themselves,
which is poetic justice
if ever I've heard it.
Okay. Then, um...
to what do I owe the pleasure?
I'm taking you to breakfast.
Are you promoting me?
No, better.
I was able to reschedule
a meeting with Angilillo,
and this time I'm personally
making sure you get there.
It's in 20 minutes, downtown.
Wow.
Did you not hear me say 20 minutes?
Sorry. No, Th... yeah. That's very,
just really nice of you.
Um, I mean, even if my mother
tiger-mom'd you into it.
Well, this time it's not for your mother.
You've proven yourself
to have more character and integrity
than 99% of the pampered,
gelatinous blue bloods
who skulk through the
halls of Harvard Law.
So... go get ready.
I'll be in the car.
You know what?
I, um, just realized something.
Uh...
I don't want to go.
Why the hell not?
I mean, um, I don't
want to go to Harvard,
or any law school.
I just, it's... if I go,
I'm gonna be ditching the opportunity
to-to help my family while Mom is still
one of the most powerful
people on the planet,
and Dad is working the War College
and doing all this other secrety stuff
that I know he does and...
they need me.
And at-at the risk
of being presumptuous,
I think you need me.
Yeah, that's presumptuous.
Okay. Well, I mean,
maybe then, I need you,
or, um...
I need to be doing
work that matters today.
Law school can wait.
I mean, service
is-is the family business,
kind of, I guess.
And, um...
I'm happy where I am.
And you just realized all this?
Uh...
McCords.
Well, I guess that's
the end of the movie.
We had front row seats
to all the ugliness done
in the name of our religions.
So, that was fun.
Look, for what it's worth,
I struggle with my faith, too.
I constantly want to feel closer to God.
I feel like it's right there,
but there's a barrier.
Maybe it's everything
we face with our work
making me doubt, making me angry,
but I still think I'll get there.
Tomorrow, next week.
But the years keep going by.
Maybe that feeling, that yearning,
maybe that's all there is.
Maybe that's enough.
Maybe.
Pleasure.
So long, Mo.
Thanks for dropping me off first, ma'am.
It's totally unnecessary.
No problem, dude. It was on the way.
I still can't really
pull off "dude," can I?
No, ma'am.
I'm gonna work on it.
I'm sure you'll get there.
Good night, Madam Secretary.
Good night.
Ma'am, I'm bi.
Yeah. Bye. I'll see you in the morning.
Wait.
Ma'am.
Ma'am?
What? Did you forget something?
No, I'm bi, ma'am.
Bisexual.
I know. You're probably like,
"What? Why is he telling me this now?"
And I can't say for certain, um,
but it definitely has to
do with an old boyfriend
who can be kind of a jerk,
but makes good points.
One of them is about
what I always considered
my right to privacy,
which, of course, I still believe in.
It's in the Constitution, for God's sake.
But, um, I realize
now my right to privacy
is different than me
choosing to be private
and really has more to
do with trusting people
with my private business,
which is hard for me,
because I've experienced
a lot of weird bi-phobia
from everyone... I mean,
straight people, gay people.
Not that I think that you're bi-phobic
or homophobic or phobic about anything.
It's just, I've gotten used to
keeping people at arm's length,
because, uh, I'm not dumb.
I know people are confused by me,
or-or curious, and that's fine.
I've just, I've never felt the obligation
to satisfy anyone's curiosity
by posting pictures
of me with a boyfriend
or a girlfriend on social media,
like every other millennial.
And I always justified that by thinking,
"What does it matter about
me?" I mean, there's so many
more important things
going on in the world,
like what just happened in Rome.
I mean, who cares about my sexuality?
But I realize now it's
m-maybe kind of the opposite.
That if I can't be honest
with people about who I am,
then how can I ever have an
honest experience with them?
Sorry. I really hope I'm not
crossing the line right now.
It's just, I couldn't
wait another minute,
because I just, I respect
you and I like you so much.
And I think that we know
each other pretty well,
and I'd like to think that
you kind of like me, too.
And if I can't be open
with you about this,
then how is any of that even true?
That's all.
Good night.
Good night, Blake.
Subtitle sync and corrections by
awaqeded for <
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org